We started by mak
At a high-level, we need to support two scenarios, one to upload photos and the other to view/search photos.ing Desktop based systems (using Delphi 10 and FirebirdDB), and it seemed like a good idea to start innovating 
and migrating the developed systems to web technologies.
I dabbled in PHP but as I got into python (which I think it's great) I started developing the core systems on Django. 
For that I put together a group within the development sector to migrate each of the systems, implementing different technologies according to each case (API Rest, GIS, File Processing in Process Queue, etc). 
Always implementing UnitTest, coverage, Selenium and versioning using GIT. 
Then the next step was to decentralize the development server and start to dockerize the different services (database, production server, redis,celery, etc.) 
in order to speed up development.
We currently have systems running in Python 2.7 /Django 1.11 and Python3 with Django 2.2, therefore we had to implement several changes 
along the way in said code, the dockerization of the services used being eseential to be able to handle the different versions (Python 2/3) without problems, libraries and development Environments (Env).
I was also in charge of the search, installation and commissioning of production servers such as Apache + mod_wsgi and NGINX + uWSGI using an online VPS (Webfaction/DigitalOcean).
I currently lead this team and we are migrating and developing new versions and functionalities to existing systems.

API Rest interface for TaDeSe Management System (api rest).
Control and Analysis of Absenteeism for Occupational Medicine.(graphs, using queue processing in celery for files)
ONLine Billing, Electronic Invoice (AFIP - Atgentinian Tax Agency) and Stock control for Small Bussiness.
Management of Income / Suppliers / Charges / Social Aid for the
Chamber of Deputies of the Province of Santa Fé.
Management of Enrolled for Schools of Occupational Therapists of Rosario/Santa Fe/Entre Ríos.
Management of Consortia and Closed Neighborhoods / Countries.
Query and Printing of the Register of Volunteer Firefighters of the Province of Santa Fe.



Hi how are you? I'm JuanManuel and i am a web developer focused primarily on Django. Currently working in a small colpany located in Santa Fe Argentina, in charge of the entire company's webapp development division. We develop dynamic sites and web based systems (Django/MySql/Apache Stack mostly), microservices and APIS for other companies.
Im looking for jobs in Spain because im interested in moving permanently over there (i'll have the european passport soon). It would be a great challenge (love the hard work) and hopely we will meet soon.